Welcome to OSGeo-Live for INSPIRE.

This alternate version of OSGeo-Live is based on OSGeo-Live 11.0
environment and allows you to use OSGeo software for INSPIRE use
cases. In this version, we have included some INSPIRE datasets and
added Hale Studio, so you can start exploring the available tools to
set up your own processes.

The INSPIRE datasets can be found in the INSPIRE folder which is in
the data folder on the desktop. We also refer you to our wiki pages
which will be updated with other interesting datasets and INSPIRE use
cases: https://wiki.osgeo.org/wiki/INSPIRE,
https://wiki.osgeo.org/wiki/INSPIRE_data_experiments and
https://wiki.osgeo.org/wiki/INSPIRE_tools_inventory

As this is a community project, based on hundreds of volunteers, we
look forward to welcome everybody who is willing to help. We do
welcome you all to look into the documentation and to contribute
where you think you can bring added value to our community. Only with
your help we will be able to extend this outstanding educational
material with the specific needs we encounter in a INSPIRE context.

Need help? See
http://wiki.osgeo.org/wiki/Live_GIS_Disc_FAQ#Getting_help
Want to contribute? Subscribe to the Europe mailing list using
following link https://lists.osgeo.org/mailman/listinfo/europe and
send a mail with your expression of interest.
We hope to welcome you online!

Several applications in the main OSGeo-Live environment are useful
for INSPIRE. However, some are requiring additional settings. We
intent to preconfigure these for you or at least describe the
necessary steps on the wiki pages. Furthermore, Hale Studio was added
to this version, as we thought it was a missing tool-set and since it
is very useful to assist in the transformation of data according to
the INSPIRE Directive.

General information on OSGeo-Live:
See the road-sign Help icon on the Desktop for information about the

Live disc and virtual-machine, including a synopsis of bundled
geospatial packages and a series of quick-start short tutorials.

To change the language, log out (lower menu bar), enter the user name
"user", click on the password box below it to confirm the user name,
and along the top of the login window is a language drop-down menu
which starts as "en_US". After selecting the language finish entering
the password (it's also "user") and press the "Log In" button. If it
doesn't work the first time just log out and try again.

Once you log back in, there is a keyboard icon on the lower menu bar
that lets you pick the keyboard layout. You can also set it via the
main applications menu with Preferences > Language Support and
Preferences > Keyboard Input Methods. See the internationalization
quickstart in the OSGeo Live help pages for more information.

Passwords for various things can be found in the passwords.txt file
on the Desktop.

If you need to become "root" (the UNIX super-user) open a Terminal
and type "sudo su", then enter "user" as the password if you are
asked.

The desktop artwork is based on a map from United States Geological
Survey.

The living FAQ can be found here:
  http://wiki.osgeo.org/wiki/Live_GIS_Disc_FAQ
